Hello and welcome to Modern Age Tim Allen CEO says from the beginning in this video we just want to
talk a little bit about what you can expect from this course.
So this is going to be a comprehensive course on age.
Tim Allen CSX.
And we're going to start from the absolute beginning starting with each HTML5 markup.
We'll go through all the basics of CSX to the latest features like flex box CSX grid animation variables
responsive design and much more.
Not only that you'll also learn SAS in this course which is a CSX pre compiler that extends the syntax
of CSX to include things like nesting inheritance functions and more.
This course is composed of both learning sections where we'll basically be working in a sandbox to look
at certain features and then we have about a half dozen projects ranging in size and then some mini
projects on top of that.
So who is this course actually for.
The short answer is everyone whether you're an absolute beginner learn looking to learn how to build
Web sites how Web sites work or a seasoned developer that wants to get better at CSX SAS and UI creation
in general without having to rely on frameworks like bootstrap.
So Sections 1 through 4 are geared more towards beginners as we go over the basics of each team Alan
CSX.
So if you're comfortable with things like each team 0 5 and CSX topics like font styles basic alignment
margin and padding things like that then feel free to skip these sections and start using FLAC CSX grid
animation in SAS.
So here's a summary of some of the things that we'll be going over in this course.
So we'll start with the basics of how Web sites work and how the internet works in general in terms
of IP addresses how exactly a Web site that's stored on a server somewhere else gets displayed in your
browser.
We'll look at setup and tools we're using a text editor called V.S. code which is definitely the most
popular editor in the web development world.
And we'll be using tools such as Emmett will install a couple of different extensions as well get a
workflow going we'll look at each team all five in terms of just the core basics of tags and attributes.
We'll look at all the basic tags we'll also look at these semantic tags like header footer aside things
like that and show you how to structure in each a proper each team 0 five document.
We'll be looking at CSX fundamentals like the box model font styles things like that responsive design
so media queries making everything look good on mobile devices including smartphones and tablets.
Every single project we create is going to be responsive.
We'll be looking at flex box CSX grid which are ways to align columns and rows.
We'll be looking at animation with transitions in key frames CNS variables transform pseudo selectors.
We'll be building things like sticky menus overlays we'll be styling forms and landing pages we'll even
look at Web site deployment.
So making your website live on the Internet using a shared host we'll also be looking at a platform
called Net LA fi.
And then finally we'll look at SAS which is a CSA as pre compiler to allow us to basically extend the
functionality of CSX and we'll create a portfolio project with that.
All right.
So as I said this is going to be a mix of learning sections and projects the learning lectures will
include specific topics such as the box model media queries and many other things.
And then we'll also have six good sized projects along with some other mini projects.
So the first Web site project we'll be building is this hotel Web site which is before we even get into
flex box in the grid and anything like that we'll be using just basic CSX here including floats because
I think it's important to learn the basics even though for the most part you're going to be using flex
or the grid next project is this edge ledger Web site which is a single page site for a financial company.
It includes flex box image overlay sticky menu things like that.
We will be implementing a little bit of JavaScript for a smooth scroll.
We'll be doing this in a couple projects.
However javascript is not the focus of this course.
I just want to make that clear we will be using a little bit of it but we're not going to really get
into javascript discourses more about UI and each team LCROSS and SAS so the next project is a news
grid site where we use CSX grid we use grid template columns and I show you how to span rows and things
like that.
Next we'll build a landing page that uses a hamburger menu.
So you guys have probably seen this before you click it and it opens up a menu.
We'll have a big overlay that has the menu items will also animate the the the hamburger menu itself.
Then we have a CSX timeline project where we have different items on the timeline.
We're going to add a little bit of JavaScript here to bring the items in from the side as we scroll
down and then the last project is a asked project will recreate a four page portfolio site with a home
about a work page with some pretty in-depth CSI s animations transitions and then a contact page and
we're going to deploy this to a platform called nullify and make the contact page actually work with
spam filtering.
All right.
So that's it.
Hopefully you enjoy the course and learn a lot from it.
So let's jump in and get started.